concept abstraction
statement accusation
pain ache
chemical acid
discipline acoustics
word adjective
chemical adrenaline
feeling affection
document affidavit
feeling agony
vehicle aircraft
crew aircrew
worker airman
vehicle airplane
fluid alcohol
representative alderman
alcohol ale
fluid ale
microorganism alga
mathematics algebra
science algebra
tree almond
symbol alpha
worker ambassador
drug amphetamine
vehicle amphibian
drug anaesthetic
adult anaesthetist
professional anaesthetist
discipline anatomy
disorder aneurysm
feeling anger
emotion animosity
feeling animosity
periodical annals
disorder anorexia
statement answer
insect ant
drug antibiotic
molecule antibody
era antiquity
feeling apathy
animal ape
insect aphid
invertebrate aphid
believer apostle
solid apple
fear apprehension
container aquarium
conduit aqueduct
clergyman archbishop
priest archbishop
discipline arithmetic
chair armchair
organization army
therapy aromatherapy
vessel artery
entertainer artiste
performer artiste
snake asp
drug aspirin
organization association
collection assortment
illness asthma
science astronomy
shelter asylum
professional attorney
phenomenon attraction
vehicle auto
record autobiography
vehicle automobile
microorganism bacterium
sport badminton
container baggage
worker bailiff
wood bamboo
agreement bargain
entertainer baritone
singer baritone
aristocrat baroness
status baronetcy
container basket
game basketball
entertainer bassist
musician bassist
athlete batsman
player batsman
ship battleship
vehicle battleship
jewelry bead
animal bee
tree beech
chemical benzene
hydrocarbon benzene
drug benzodiazepine
emotion bereavement
publication bestseller
fluid beverage
liquid beverage
fabric bib
vehicle bike
machine binder
game bingo
chemistry biochemistry
science biochemistry
scientist biologist
discipline biotechnology
aircraft biplane
airplane biplane
vehicle biplane
animal bird
anniversary birthday
emotion bitterness
feeling bitterness
herb bluegrass
aircraft bomber
airplane bomber
clothing bonnet
commodity bonnet
marker bookmark
shop bookshop
beverage booze
drug booze
leader boss
payment bounty
people bourgeoisie
game bowling
clothing bra
worker breaker
wind breeze
organization brethren
woman bridesmaid
organization brigade
stream brook
animal bug
container buggy
vehicle buggy
animal bull
dog bulldog
house bungalow
housing bungalow
organization bureau
solid butter
animal butterfly
insect butterfly
vegetable cabbage
restaurant cafe
enclosure cage
symbol cairn
misfortune calamity
procedure calculation
animal calf
equipment camera
artist cameraman
site campsite
molecule carbohydrate
chemical carbonate
cancer carcinoma
tumor carcinoma
leader cardinal
love caring
murder carnage
seafood carp
container casket
container cassette
building castle
house castle
illness cataract
player catcher
gathering caucus
herb celery
entertainer cellist
performer cellist
chemical cellulose
site cemetery
herb cereal
building chalet
house chalet
leader chancellor
music chant
building chapel
vehicle chariot
institution charity
information checklist
list checklist
food cheese
worker chef
science chemistry
care chemotherapy
animal chick
bird chick
solid chicken
vegetable chilli
food chocolate
organization church
fluid cider
message cipher
room classroom
worker clerk
professional clinician
fool clown
organization club
building clubhouse
trainer coach
occupation coaching
insect cockroach
alcohol cocktail
molecule collagen
protein collagen
organ colon
male colt
journalist columnist
performer comedian
performer comic
organization commission
organization committee
organization company
instrument compass
feeling compassion
trait competitiveness
feeling complacency
mixture compost
performance concert
music concerto
dwelling condominium
housing condominium
idea conjecture
attitude conservatism
statement contract
building convent
dwelling convent
meeting convention
transformation conversion
book cookbook
solid cookie
right copyright
herb coriander
organization corporation
discipline cosmology
house cottage
organization council
attack counterattack
vehicle coupe
building courthouse
room courtroom
document covenant
workman cowboy
food cracker
professional craftsman
insect cricket
athlete cricketer
discipline criminology
animal crocodile
game croquet
sport croquet
animal crow
undertaking crusade
tool cutlery
sport cycling
feeling cynicism
relative dad
parent daddy
instrument dagger
art dance
entertainer dancer
discipline dancing
offspring daughter
disability deafness
merchant dealer
business dealership
leader dean
building deanery
dwelling deanery
house deanery
statement declaration
change decrease
animal deer
insanity dementia
clothing denim
medicine dentistry
science dentistry
organization department
disease dermatitis
relative descendent
furniture desk
policeman detective
disease diabetes
book dictionary
boat dinghy
oxide dioxide
hydrocarbon dioxin
worker diplomat
organization directorate
feeling disappointment
music disco
container dish
container dispenser
emotion displeasure
movie documentary
information documentation
doctrine dogma
animal dolphin
housing dorm
building dormitory
animal dove
document draft
animal dragonfly
insect dragonfly
writer dramatist
phenomenon drift
consumer drinker
rain drizzle
insect drone
entertainer drummer
performer drummer
commodity dryer
bird duck
bin dustbin
housing dwelling
animal eagle
bird eagle
decoration earring
building eatery
scientist ecologist
discipline economics
scientist economist
emotion ecstasy
feeling ecstasy
worker editor
professional educator
solid eel
worker electrician
solution electrolyte
discipline electronics
science electronics
animal elephant
people elite
tree elm
migration emigration
worker employee
ruler empress
book encyclopedia
strength endurance
occupation engineering
information enumeration
list enumeration
feeling envy
molecule enzyme
biochemistry enzymology
science enzymology
letter epistle
art etching
feeling excitement
explanation excuse
surface facade
narrative fairytale
idea fallacy
statement falsehood
building farmhouse
house farmhouse
animal feeder
transgression felony
barrier fence
barrier fender
boat ferry
vehicle ferry
athlete fielder
meat fillet
female filly
tip fingertip
weapon firearm
business firm
organization firm
animal fish
worker fisherman
sport fishing
parasite flea
surface floor
food flour
disease flu
phenomenon fluorescence
worker fodder
vertebrate foetus
game football
sport football
bridge footbridge
limb forearm
superior foreman
ware fork
plant foundry
animal fox
sensation fragrance
software freeware
road freeway
art fresco
painting fresco
vehicle frigate
emotion fright
feeling frustration
athlete fullback
ceremony funeral
disease gall
vehicle galley
phenomenon gas
fuel gasoline
invertebrate gastropod
instrument gauge
performer geek
crystal gemstone
apparatus generator
adult gent
people gentry
discipline geology
discipline geometry
science geometry
woman girlfriend
organ gland
disease glaucoma
aircraft glider
vehicle glider
athlete goalkeeper
player goalkeeper
sport golf
player golfer
valley gorge
clothing gown
tissue graft
offspring grandchild
relative grandchild
offspring granddaughter
relative grandmother
relative granny
site graveyard
animal greyhound
dog greyhound
hound greyhound
housing guesthouse
boat gunboat
vehicle gunboat
serviceman gunner
facility gym
school gymnasium
community hamlet
rodent hamster
gun handgun
instrument handgun
weapon handgun
equipment handset
consistency hardness
animal hare
animal hawk
bird hawk
text headline
energy heat
rodent hedgehog
vertebrate hedgehog
vehicle helicopter
bird hen
criminal henchman
illness hepatitis
trait heroism
disease herpes
difference heterogeneity
road highway
chart histogram
sport hockey
tree holly
animal horse
rider horseman
commodity hose
building hospital
hotel hostel
host hostess
servant housekeeper
woman housewife
doctrine humanism
scholar humanist
storm hurricane
relative husband
song hymn
therapy hypnotherapy
treatment hypnotherapy
crystal ice
artwork illustration
migration immigration
discipline immunology
science immunology
commerce importation
security indemnity
relative infant
illness influenza
solution infusion
liquid ink
building inn
animal insect
pesticide insecticide
disorder insomnia
captivity internment
ability interoperability
organ intestine
system intranet
animal invertebrate
text invitation
system ipod
inhabitant islander
food jam
feeling jealousy
food jelly
vehicle jet
maker jeweller
machine jigsaw
tool jigsaw
performer joker
discipline jurisprudence
animal kangaroo
entertainment karaoke
animal kestrel
falcon kestrel
hawk kestrel
vertebrate kestrel
container kettle
performer keyboardist
kick kickoff
crime kidnapping
clothing kilt
commodity kilt
institution kindergarten
organization kindergarten
bird kingfisher
relative kinsman
joint knee
joint knuckle
workplace laboratory
worker laborer
chemical lactose
molecule lactose
animal lamb
computer laptop
machine laptop
opening leak
adult lecturer
disease leprosy
illness leprosy
cancer leukaemia
disease leukaemia
tumor leukaemia
tumor leukemia
adult librarian
document license
car limousine
vehicle limousine
clothing lingerie
garment lingerie
underwear lingerie
scientist linguist
science linguistics
animal lion
molecule lipid
alcohol liqueur
beverage liqueur
fluid liqueur
beverage liquor
fluid liquor
liquid liquor
reptile lizard
vehicle locomotive
discipline logic
signal logo
symbol logo
feeling longing
room loo
insect louse
meal lunch
meal luncheon
disease lupus
tumor lymphoma
seafood mackerel
medium magazine
animal maggot
official magistrate
animal magpie
bird magpie
servant maid
message mail
container mailbox
herb maize
infection malaria
tree mango
tree mangrove
book manual
publication manual
wood maple
animal mare
horse mare
food margarine
worker mariner
tent marquee
treatment massage
ancestor mater
science math
illness measles
drug medication
discipline medicine
cancer melanoma
tumor melanoma
fruit melon
solid melon
note memo
record memo
note memorandum
illness meningitis
cancer mesothelioma
disease mesothelioma
illness mesothelioma
tumor mesothelioma
biology microbiology
professional midwife
ache migraine
traveler migrant
organization military
organization militia
food milk
performer mime
workman miner
phenomenon mishap
instrument missile
weapon missile
woman mistress
word modifier
animal mollusc
parent mom
building monastery
dwelling monastery
house monastery
housing monastery
molecule monoclonal
protein monoclonal
wind monsoon
pause moratorium
weaponry mortar
building mosque
building motel
insect moth
relative mother
vehicle motorbike
vehicle motorcycle
driver motorist
highway motorway
road motorway
saying motto
tissue mucosa
animal mule
doctrine multiculturalism
gun musket
adult nanny
discipline nanotechnology
organization navy
statement negation
invertebrate nematode
tissue nerve
game netball
science neurology
discipline neuroscience
science neuroscience
name nickname
organ nipple
feeling nostalgia
official notary
word noun
work nursing
cereal oat
trait objectivity
building observatory
sensation odour
travel odyssey
drug ointment
discipline oncology
science oncology
feeling optimism
solid orange
speaker orator
flower orchid
mineral ore
performer organist
arthritis osteoarthritis
illness osteoarthritis
post outpost
cost overhead
payment overpayment
bird owl
animal ox
animal oyster
collection package
stick paddle
set pair
organ pancreas
animal panda
fear panic
equipment parachute
concept parameter
wall parapet
relative parent
symbol parenthesis
software parser
feeling passion
doctor pathologist
science pathology
computer pc
machine pc
produce pear
jewel pearl
animal penguin
bird penguin
organ penis
signal pennant
symbol pennant
housing penthouse
chemical peptide
performer percussionist
trait perseverance
animal pet
leaf petal
chemical petroleum
oil petroleum
bench pew
science pharmacology
discipline pharmacy
animal pheasant
science phonology
adult physician
biology physiology
science physiology
therapist physiotherapist
therapy physiotherapy
treatment physiotherapy
entertainer pianist
vehicle pickup
journey pilgrimage
tree pine
crime piracy
food pizza
surface platform
ware platter
show playing
information playlist
list playlist
tree plum
writer poet
phenomenon polarization
spore pollen
resin polyethylene
chemical polymer
chemical polymerase
enzyme polymerase
boat pontoon
horse pony
leader pope
student postgraduate
worker postman
food potato
container pouch
vehicle pram
section preamble
belief preconception
district prefecture
clergyman prelate
representative premier
word preposition
leader president
standing primacy
priest primate
idea principle
house priory
mariner privateer
sailor privateer
document probate
occupation professorship
word pronoun
information propaganda
official prosecutor
name pseudonym
disease psoriasis
illness psoriasis
science psychiatry
therapy psychoanalysis
treatment psychoanalysis
work psychoanalysis
science psychology
discipline psychotherapy
science psychotherapy
firm publisher
food pudding
animal python
reptile python
vertebrate python
player quarterback
solid quartz
document questionnaire
mammal racehorse
sport racing
instrument radar
phenomenon radiation
care radiotherapy
treatment radiotherapy
phenomenon rain
water rainwater
produce raisin
equipment receiver
worker receptionist
leader rector
equipment reel
election reelection
food refreshment
member regent
music reggae
record registry
compensation reimbursement
payment reimbursement
animal reindeer
trait reliability
feeling relief
feeling remorse
animal reptile
emotion resentment
serviceman reservist
feeling resignation
tissue retina
traveler rider
weapon rifle
equipment rig
road roadway
meat roast
crime robbery
animal robin
animal rodent
equipment roofing
list roster
bag rucksack
herb rue
game rugby
drug rum
fluid rum
liquid rum
signal rune
bag sack
feeling sadness
travel safari
employee salesman
worker salesman
animal salmon
fish salmon
food sandwich
room sauna
solid sausage
machine sawmill
performer saxophonist
victim scapegoat
tool scissors
instrument scourge
writer screenwriter
tool screwdriver
bird seabird
vertebrate seabird
airplane seaplane
vehicle seaplane
water seawater
information secret
organization secretariat
car sedan
vehicle sedan
gathering seminar
institution seminary
animal serpent
conduit sewer
investor shareholder
fish shark
cleaning shaving
seafood shellfish
solid shellfish
clothing shirt
merchant shopkeeper
road shortcut
tool shovel
building shrine
tower silo
man sir
relative sis
sport skating
athlete skier
covering skin
contest slalom
saying slogan
vehicle sloop
illness smallpox
criminal smuggler
animal snail
animal snake
piece snippet
game snooker
game soccer
scientist sociologist
science sociology
musician soloist
performer soloist
relative son
music song
entertainer soprano
performer soprano
singer soprano
equipment spacecraft
vehicle spaceship
food spaghetti
pasta spaghetti
symptom spasm
instrument spear
instrument spectrometer
herb spinach
advocate spokeswoman
spokesperson spokeswoman
relative spouse
athlete sprinter
solid squid
animal stag
vehicle stagecoach
animal stallion
horse stallion
commodity staple
leader statesman
equipment stereo
payment stipend
berry strawberry
walk strut
organization subcommittee
contractor subcontractor
ship submarine
calculation subtraction
district suburb
container suitcase
chemical sulphate
instrument sundial
light sunlight
phenomenon sunshine
computer supercomputer
machine supercomputer
meal supper
cost surcharge
feeling surprise
bird swan
commodity sweater
sensation sweetness
athlete swimmer
sport swimming
music symphony
meeting symposium
instrument syringe
vehicle tank
ship tanker
vehicle tanker
chemical tar
building tavern
hierarchy taxonomy
worker technician
apparatus telegraph
telecommunication telephony
instrument telescope
receiver telly
trait temperament
animal tench
fish tench
word term
facility terminal
vertebrate tern
carnivore terrier
dog terrier
feeling terror
book textbook
building theater
building theatre
discipline theology
care therapy
regulator thermostat
publication thesaurus
road thoroughfare
emotion thrill
chair throne
furniture throne
storm thunderstorm
document ticket
clothing tie
end tip
text title
animal toad
food toast
child toddler
day tomorrow
animal tortoise
travel tour
phenomenon traction
criminal traitor
procedure transplantation
vehicle trolley
garment trouser
entertainer trumpeter
performer trumpeter
wave tsunami
disease tuberculosis
tissue tummy
illness tumor
illness tumour
engine turbine
animal turkey
bird turkey
gate turnpike
crystal turquoise
tower turret
teacher tutor
businessman tycoon
phenomenon typhoon
storm typhoon
occupation typography
request ultimatum
boundary underside
clothing underwear
conflict uprising
organ uterus
idea value
mischief vandalism
eater vegan
rate velocity
fabric velvet
animal vertebrate
point vertex
container vial
leader vicar
priest vicar
building vicarage
dwelling vicarage
area vicinity
practice victimisation
entertainer violinist
representation visualisation
performer vocalist
alcohol vodka
sound voice
animal vole
rodent vole
vertebrate vole
game volleyball
sport volleyball
bird wader
vertebrate wader
payment wage
employee waiter
employee waitress
waiter waitress
worker waitress
nut walnut
entertainer warbler
performer warbler
singer warbler
document warrant
vehicle warship
worker washer
animal waterfowl
transformation weakening
instrument weapon
camera webcam
drug whiskey
fluid whiskey
liquid whiskey
beverage whisky
fluid whisky
fruit windfall
athlete winger
animal woodpecker
bird woodpecker
publication workbook
feeling yearning
color yellow
day yesterday
food yoghurt
feeling zeal
animal zebra
