vehicle aircraft biplane
vehicle aircraft glider
vehicle airplane biplane
vehicle airplane seaplane
fluid alcohol ale
fluid alcohol liqueur
fluid alcohol wine
armament artillery cannon
fluid beverage liqueur
fluid beverage liquor
fluid beverage milk
fluid beverage whisky
liquid beverage beer
liquid beverage liquor
liquid beverage milk
liquid beverage sherry
liquid beverage vintage
science biochemistry enzymology
animal bird chick
animal bird eagle
animal bird hawk
animal bird magpie
animal bird penguin
animal bird turkey
animal bird woodpecker
cancer carcinoma melanoma
tumor carcinoma melanoma
science chemistry biochemistry
worker diplomat ambassador
carnivore dog terrier
housing dwelling castle
housing dwelling condominium
housing dwelling monastery
worker employee porter
worker employee salesman
worker employee waitress
animal fish salmon
animal fish tench
animal hawk kestrel
road highway motorway
animal horse mare
animal horse stallion
mammal horse pony
vertebrate horse mare
building house castle
building house chalet
building house deanery
building house farmhouse
building house monastery
animal insect butterfly
animal insect dragonfly
animal invertebrate bee
animal invertebrate bug
fluid liquor whiskey
liquid liquor whiskey
ancestor progenitor mother
molecule protein collagen
molecule protein monoclonal
animal reptile python
animal reptile serpent
animal reptile tortoise
vertebrate reptile asp
vertebrate reptile python
vertebrate reptile serpent
animal rodent vole
vertebrate rodent hedgehog
vertebrate rodent vole
bird seabird penguin
illness tumor mesothelioma
clothing underwear lingerie
animal vertebrate chick
animal vertebrate eagle
animal vertebrate fox
animal vertebrate horse
animal vertebrate kestrel
animal vertebrate lion
animal vertebrate mare
animal vertebrate panda
animal vertebrate pheasant
animal vertebrate python
animal vertebrate reptile
animal vertebrate robin
animal vertebrate rodent
animal vertebrate serpent
animal vertebrate vole
employee waiter waitress
instrument weapon handgun
instrument weapon missile
instrument weapon spear
alcohol wine champagne
